A HEALTHIER WALES:

OUR WORKFORCE
STRATEGY FOR
HEALTH AND SOCIAL
CARE




              Publication date : 22 October 2020
                       A HEALTHIER WALES:
        OUR WORKFORCE STRATEGY FOR HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE

FOREWORD

The delivery of health and social care to the population of Wales is completely
dependent on our workforce who work in a range of statutory, private or voluntary
provider services, volunteers or as carers. Without them, high quality health services,
care and support could not be provided, and this strategy encompasses all of these
people.

The people who provide health and social care are highly valued, not just for their
dedication and commitment to the health and care system, but as members of local
communities, they contribute greatly to the wider socio-economic prosperity and
sustainability of Wales.
Well being of Future
Generations (Wales) Act 2015                The desire for a high-quality health and social care system
Well-being                                  is clear in Wales’ legislation for sustainable development,
goals                                       through the Wellbeing of Future Generations (Wales) Act
       A globally         A
      responsible     prosperous            2015, which sets out seven wellbeing goals, and the duty of
         Wales          Wales               public bodies to think more about the long term to prevent
  A Wales
  of vibrant
                              A resilient
                                            problems and take a more joined up approach, the Social
  culture and
  thriving Welsh                Wales       Services and Wellbeing (Wales) Act 2014, Regulation and
  lanugage                                  Inspection of Social Care (Wales) Act 2016, the Welsh
   A Wales of               A healthier     Government’s national strategy Prosperity for All and
    cohesive
  communities
                              Wales         the recent review undertaken by the Equality and Human
                   A more
                    equal
                                            Rights Commission Is Wales Fairer? (2018).
                   Wales
                             The Parliamentary Review of Health and Social Care in
                             Wales (2018) sets out the case for change in health and
social care provision, and acknowledged the need to bring health and social services
seamlessly together, designed around the needs of individuals, with a greater emphasis
on keeping people healthy and well. A Healthier Wales: Our Plan for Health and Social
Care (2018) was the response to the Parliamentary Review and commissioned the
development of this workforce strategy.

This strategy sets out the vision, ambition and approaches that are needed to
put wellbeing at the heart of our plans for the workforce. A core element of the
Parliamentary Review and A Healthier Wales’ ‘Quadruple Aim is to deliver an inclusive,
engaged, sustainable, flexible and responsive workforce in health and social care.
Its importance is supported by an increasing body of evidence, which correlates the
inclusion, wellbeing and engagement of the workforce with the quality of health and
care experienced by the people we serve.

This Strategy is our opportunity to create a compassionate culture, to address a
number of long standing challenges as well as preparing our workforce for future
challenges. The rising demand for services, increasing health and wellbeing inequalities,
higher public expectations, as well as the possibilities that new and emerging medical
and digital technologies offer, are set against a backdrop of changing demography,
recruitment and resource challenges.



A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                                  2
Many of our future workforce are with us today, and retaining our workforce is as
important as recruiting. The actions in each of the seven themes, together with our
commitment to supporting the wellbeing of the workforce, will work together to
improve the retention of our current workforce, as well as attracting new people into
the health and social care workforce. This strategy is not just about “more of the same”
– existing approaches are clearly not working, or not working well enough. We need to
transform traditional roles and ways of working to support the new models of care that
are being developed through Regional Partnership Boards, the Strategic Programme
for Primary Care, the National Clinical Plan and the Care and Support at Home Plan. As
we develop new models of care we will gather evidence of what skills are needed, what
works best and which skills and competencies are needed to meet future needs, so that
improvements can be adopted or adapted at pace across Wales.

We will build a culture of compassionate and inclusive leadership which will attract,
continuously support and develop a flexible and agile workforce who feel valued,
and are valued, by an inclusive and modern health and social care system. We will
use principles set out in prudent healthcare and sustainable social services, promote
inclusivity and wellbeing, and offer roles and opportunities which attract, reward,
develop, and retain our workforce within a fair and just health and care system.

Our workforce will be supported to deliver care using digital skills and the Welsh
language aligned to the new approaches of service delivery. Our workforce will be able
to optimise digital technology to manage workload and caseloads more effectively.
We will develop a workforce that is able to meet the health and care needs of people
through the medium of Welsh.

The actions in this strategy can only be delivered through engagement and partnership
with the workforce, through listening to them, and understanding what matters to them
as they deliver health, care and support to our population. Through the engagement
and consultation process, we identified key enablers for delivery of this strategy.
These include addressing terms and conditions, ensuring services are adequately
resourced, improving commissioning and building a culture of fairness and equality, and
partnership working.

This strategy has huge importance, not just for the health and care system, but reaches
far wider in the context of a prosperous Wales.

We must acknowledge that what we spend on our workforce is not a cost, but an
investment. This Strategy will ensure that we get maximum value from this investment
for our workforce, for the people we serve and for the health and social care system in
Wales.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                      3
A Healthier Wales: Our
Workforce Strategy for
Health and Social Care
      OUR WORKFORCE STRATEGY FOR HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE –
                     STRATEGY ON A PAGE
THE AMBITION – 2030                         WHAT WILL BE DIFFERENT

To have a motivated, engaged                • Our workforce feels valued, is treated fairly and their wellbeing is
and valued Health and Social                  supported
Care workforce with the                     • Worforce lanugage, culture and diversity reflects our population
capacity, competence and                    • Potential shortage areas are known earlier and targeted effectively
confidence to meet the needs                • Widespread values based and inclusive recruitment ensures we
of the people of Wales.                       have the right people
                                             • Common competences are identified and underpin new and
                                              diffferent ways of working
                                             • Learning is delivered through flexible and accessible routes
                                             • Widespread digital skills capability underpins care delivery
                                             • National bi-lingual careers service is widening acces to careers in
                                              health and care for all ages.

                                            IMPLEMENTATION

                                             2020   2021      2022     2023      2024       2025     2026      2027    2028       2029       2030



WHAT SUCCESS WILL LOOK LIKE                                               R                                    R
                                                                          E                                    E
• Very high levels of staff                           32                  V                   ?                V                 ?
  engagement, motivation,                           Actions               I                Actions             I              Actions
  wellbeing and satisfaction                                              E                                    E
• Better recruitment and retention                                        W                                    W
  of staff through attractive and
  flexible working arrangements
  and career opportunities                  ENGAGEMENT AND CONSULTATION – WHAT WE HEARD
• Increased levels of Welsh
  language skills in the health and
  care workforce
• Flexible education opportunities
  and career development                                                             Draft Strategy Dec 2019
• Intelligence led workforce
  planning enabling us to change                                                                                               200 responses to
  our workforce to meet our                                                                                                      consultation

  population need                                                        1000+
                                                                         people
• A compassionate culture, role                                        contributed
  modelled by excellent leaders                                                                                    Consultation document Jul – Sep 19

  and managers.
                                                              Engagement Jan – July 2019

THE LEGISATIVE FRAMEWORK

Well being of Future
Generations (Wales) Act 2015
Well-being
goals
       A globally         A
      responsible     prosperous
         Wales          Wales
  A Wales
  of vibrant
                              A resilient
  culture and
  thriving Welsh                Wales
  lanugage

   A Wales of               A healthier
    cohesive                  Wales
  communities
                   A more
                    equal
                   Wales                                       Welsh Language (Wales) Measure 2011


A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                                                                               5
Context
CONTEXT

‘A Healthier Wales: Our Plan for Health and Social Care’ was published by the Welsh
Government in June 2018 in direct response to ‘The Parliamentary Review of Health and
Social Care in Wales’ earlier that year.

The review described the increasing demands and new challenges facing the health
and social care in Wales. This includes an ageing population, lifestyle changes, public
expectations, new and emerging medical and digital technologies, rising costs in health
and care expenditure outpacing the country’s growth, and shortages in our health and
social care workforce. This is set against a backdrop of a demographic profile that
forecasts fewer people of working age available to work in health and social care roles,
which presents a significant challenge to health and social care services.

The World Health Organisation estimates a projected worldwide shortfall of 18 million
health workers by 2030, and while they anticipate this impact may be particularly felt
in low and lower-middle income countries, they warn that all levels of socio-economic
development face to varying degrees, difficulties in the education, employment,
deployment, retention, and performance of their workforce.

To support the delivery of A Healthier Wales, the Welsh Government commissioned
Health Education and Improvement Wales (HEIW) and Social Care Wales (SCW) to
develop a long-term workforce strategy in partnership with NHS Wales and Local
Government, private and voluntary provider services as well as regulators, professional
bodies and education providers.


ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE STRATEGY

In Wales we have a strong commitment to working in social partnership between
employers, trades unions and government to design and deliver changes across the
workforce. Social partners have been able to contribute to the development of our
thinking on this strategy and delivery will be underpinned by strong social partnership
working too.

Following an extensive programme of engagement with over 1,000 people and
organisations - including patients, private and voluntary providers, universities, staff
representatives and professional bodies, volunteers and carers - who have an interest in
the health and social care workforce across Wales, a consultation document was issued
in the summer of 2019.

200 formal responses to this were received, with the overwhelming majority in
favour of the ambition and approach we proposed. These responses, together with
consultation from people with protected characteristics and an integrated approach to
equality impact assessment; reviews of recent literature, good practice and innovation,
workforce intelligence, workforce trends and the workforce implications of national
legislation and policy, have assisted us in shaping this strategy.

This strategy sets out the vision and the seven key themes that will contribute to
the delivery an inclusive, engaged, sustainable and flexible workforce in health and
social care by 2030. A set of 32 actions have been identified and these will drive the


A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                      7
implementation of the strategy in the first 3 years. We
plan to review the actions every 3 years, to renew and
refresh the strategy.

We recognise that to achieve the vision and ambition
of this strategy, we all need to work together. We
recognise the vital importance and value of our
workforce and this strategy and the supporting
implementation plans, which will be developed next,
encompasses all of the people who provide services to
individuals who receive health, social care and support
services.


THE CASE FOR CHANGE

The Parliamentary Review and A Healthier Wales, set out a compelling case for change
in emphasising that the current pattern of health and social care was not fit for the
future. The Kings Fund has identified key areas affecting future service delivery,
highlighting the impact of growing and changing need, more working age people living
with complex conditions, increasing public expectations, the potential impact of Brexit,
advances in digital and medical technologies including genomics, and the challenges of
securing our future workforce.

While these challenges are laid out in the Parliamentary Review, it also recognises that
there is the potential and desire in Wales to improve health and wellbeing through
a high quality health and social care system. Key to the Parliamentary Review and A
Healthier Wales, was the Quadruple Aim which set out four interdependent goals.

 a) Improve population health and wellbeing through a focus on prevention;

 b) Improve the experience and quality of care for individuals and families;

 c) Enrich the wellbeing, capability and engagement of the health and social care
    workforce; and

 d) Increase the value achieved from funding of health and care through improvement,
    innovation, use of best practice, and eliminating waste.

The clear focus on improving the wellbeing, inclusion, capability and engagement of the
health and social care workforce is at the forefront of this strategy. The evidence is clear
that better staff experience contributes to a culture of compassionate care, and results
in better care for the people we serve. This strategy will therefore provide an important
foundation for improvements in quality and safety.

A Healthier Wales clearly maps out the journey for the next 10 years in terms of system
transformation to meet the growing demand and to meet the needs of the people
of Wales. It describes the ambition to bring health and social care services together,
to deliver a seamlessly co-ordinated approach from different providers. It reinforces
the need to strengthen and expand services in primary and community settings, and
commits to the development of a National Clinical Plan. It is clear that our health


A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                       8
and social care services will be changing dramatically over the next 10 years and
consequently our workforce needs to be flexible and agile so that we can respond.
We need to transform the way we attract, train, continually develop and support our
workforce through a culture of compassionate and inclusive leadership with a focus on
wellbeing at the core.

This means we will need to better understand the shape and supply of our workforce,
including the ability to deliver our health and care in the Welsh language. We will need
to transform the way we work, by expanding existing roles, developing new roles,
building skills and capability in areas we have not done so previously and embrace new
technology in delivering our services.

This compelling case for change was tested out through wide and comprehensive
engagement across health and social care in Wales. During our engagement phase, we
heard from over 1,000 people who told us unequivocally that the health and wellbeing
of the workforce, with an emphasis on culture, inclusion and leadership, was of the
utmost importance.

We also heard consistently that the differences in terms and conditions, particularly
in the lower paid areas are a significant issue, not just between health and social care,
but between the range of social care providers in the 22 local authorities, and between
professional groups in the NHS. We also heard much in relation to workload, with
significant deficits being reported in key areas and the need for new workforce models,
more training and digital solutions to improve the way we work.

The engagement phase shaped our consultation document, which gathered a further
200 formal responses and in turn has informed the content of this strategy.

This strategy sets the future direction for the health and social care workforce in the
next ten years. It sets out the fundamental building blocks needed to address the
opportunities and challenges facing the workforce and to align efforts across the health
and social care system. It is not intended to give specific details in relation to single
professions or roles, but a clear set of themes and succinct actions which will inform the
subsequent implementation plans.

Some of what is proposed in this strategy is already underway, as issues have been
recognised and positive action taken. For example, leadership actions commenced in
February 2019. Some of the actions we propose in this strategy are radical, but there is
also a need to build on current practice and to do some of the things we currently do,
much better. This strategy brings everything together so we don’t lose this good work
and progress but build on it using a once for Wales approach.

Central to the delivery of this strategy is the requirement for true collaboration
and partnership at all levels. Everyone will have a role in shaping and delivering
implementation plans that take us closer towards the ambitions of this workforce
strategy and meet the challenges laid out to us in the extensive engagement and
consultation processes. This includes better alignment and integration across
professional boundaries which too often get in the way of doing the right thing for the
people at the centre of our service.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                       9
    The
Ambition
THE AMBITION

Our ambition is that we will have a motivated, engaged and valued, health and social
care workforce, with the capacity, competence and confidence to meet the needs of
the people of Wales. Specifically, this means that;

• We will have a workforce with the right values, behaviours, knowledge, skills and
  confidence to deliver evidence based care, and support people’s wellbeing as close to
  home as possible;

• We will have a workforce in sufficient numbers to be able to deliver responsive health
  and social care that meets the needs of the people of Wales;

• We will have a workforce that is reflective of the population’s diversity, Welsh
  language and cultural identity, and

• We will have a workforce that feels valued and is valued.

We will achieve these ambitions through the implementation plans which will be
developed in partnership with staff and stakeholders and will be delivered at local,
regional and national levels as appropriate.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                   11
THE SEVEN THEMES

This strategy is underpinned by seven key themes which have been shaped by the
engagement and consultation we undertook. A series of implementation plans will
be developed to take forward specific actions to realise the ambition and deliver the
strategy.

THEME                     DESCRIPTOR
1. An Engaged,            By 2030, the health and social care workforce will feel valued,
Motivated                 fairly rewarded and supported wherever they work.
and Healthy
Workforce
2. Attraction and         By 2030, health and social care will be well established as a strong
Recruitment               and recognisable brand and the sector of choice for our future
                          workforce.
3. Seamless      By 2030, multi-professional and multi-agency workforce models
Workforce Models will be the norm.
4. Building a             By 2030, the digital and technological capabilities of the
Digitally Ready           workforce will be well developed and in widespread use to
Workforce                 optimise the way we work, to help us deliver the best possible
                          care for people.
5. Excellent              By 2030, the investment in education and learning for health and
Education and             social care professionals will deliver the skills and capabilities
Learning                  needed to meet the future needs of people in Wales.
6. Leadership and By 2030, leaders in the health and social care system will display
Succession        collective and compassionate leadership.
7. Workforce     By 2030, we will have a sustainable workforce in sufficient
Supply and Shape numbers to meet the health and social care needs of our
                 population.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                           12
                                   FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES

This Workforce Strategy has taken the opportunity to be brave and bold in embedding
equitable opportunities for its workforce and embracing the recommendations laid
out in Is Wales Fairer? We expect to see the fundamental principles of wellbeing
of the workforce, Welsh language, and inclusion being woven through all of the
implementation plans.


WELLBEING

Earlier in this document we demonstrated that there is an increasing and compelling
body of evidence linking wellbeing, capability and engagement of the health and social
care workforce to improved outcomes for the people to whom we provide health, care
and support. We will ensure that our workforce is treated fairly and recognised for the
contribution they make. We want our workforce to be happy, healthy and supported, so
that they in turn support the wellbeing of the people in their care.

This strategy will support the development of a culture of wellbeing, mutual respect
and improvement. It is essential that this is reflected in strategic and consistent
arrangements across Wales for commissioning the private and voluntary provider
services.


WELSH LANGUAGE

The strategy will build on the foundations of the Wellbeing of Future Generations Act
(2015), and Cymraeg 2050: A million Welsh speakers to create an engaged, healthy,
flexible, responsive and sustainable workforce for the future that is reflective of Wales’
diverse population, Welsh language and cultural identity. The legislative framework
relating to the use and delivery of services in the Welsh language that we are working
within, will drive the embedding of the Welsh language into the care and support we
provide.

Evidence of better clinical outcomes, and outcomes for people accessing care and
support, highlights the vital importance we place on the delivery of health and social
care in the language of Wales.

Our aim will be to understand, anticipate and plan to meet the Welsh language needs
of health and social care students, our workforce and ultimately patients and people in
receipt of care and support across Wales as we move forward.

Supporting our workforce to deliver care using the Welsh language where needed, is a
fundamental principle which must underpin every area of this Workforce Strategy.


INCLUSION

Creating a culture of true inclusion, fairness and equity across our workforce will
be at the heart of this strategy and reflective of the Welsh Government’s Strategic
Equality Objectives and included in strategic equality plans. There is clear evidence of


A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                         13
deepening poverty and growing gaps in experience and opportunities for people born
into different socio-economic backgrounds and protected characteristics and to ensure
equity and fairness, co-production with those most affected will be at the core of the
implementation of this strategy.

This will be taken forward through all seven themes of this strategy, with strong
compassionate inclusive leadership ensuring a clear focus on engaging and addressing
inequalities for people from differing socio-economic circumstances, including those
who share the same protected characteristics and those who do not.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                14
Our
Current
Workforce
OUR CURRENT WORKFORCE

Our health and social care workforce is the largest in the economy of Wales. Over
180,000 people, the majority of whom are female, are employed in more than 350
different types of roles across health and social care, and together with volunteers and
carers, our workforce hugely impacts on the social, cultural and economic prosperity of
Wales.

Both Health and Social Care collect workforce information routinely. These documents
are available as annexes to this strategy. Currently this information is collected in
different ways, and direct comparison across health and social care is difficult for
example Is Wales Fairer? states that “there are clear data gaps in Wales which make
it difficult to understand the experiences of people sharing protected characteristics.”
However, there are opportunities to build on this at local, regional and national level,
to inform future plans. We have made this a key action of the strategy which will be
progressed with urgency.

In NHS Wales, between 2009 and 2019 the workforce increased by nearly 8,000 people
(9%) and is now over 92,000. Currently 41% of the workforce is part time, which has
increased by 2% since 2009. Out of the total female workforce, 48% work part time,
and out of the male workforce, 15% work part time.

The Economic Value of the Adult Social Care sector - Wales estimates that there
are 83,400 jobs in adult social care alone in 2016, an estimated 6% of the working
population of Wales. In addition, it is estimated that there are 7,100 jobs in children
services across all social care provision in Wales.

Nearly 3,900 social workers were employed in local authorities at the end of March
2018, an increase of 275 since 2014. 21% of all social workers were employed on a part
time basis in 2018 compared to 20% in 2014. In 2018, 83% of social workers working
in social services departments were female. This has remained similar since the data
collection began in 2009. 8% (326) of whole time equivalent social worker posts were
vacant at 31 March 2018, compared to 5% (212) in 2014.

It is estimated that 53,000 staff currently work for commissioned care providers in
Wales, the vast majority of whom are female (83%), and 29% of this workforce are over
50 years old. 11,900 work for local authority regulated services where 87% are female
and 48% of the workforce are over 50 years old.

The NHS workforce overall is aging. In 2009, 29% of the workforce were over the age
of 50, but 10 years later, this has risen to nearly 40%. The same is true for a number of
staff groups, especially Nursing & Midwifery, which has increased from 25% to 37%.
The staff group with the highest age profile and the group that has seen the largest
shift is Estates and Ancillary from 44% to 58%.

The Social Care Wales register of social workers shows that the majority (51%) are aged
45 or over which is the same as in 2014. 22% are aged 55 or over compared to 21% in
2014. In April 2018, 66% of all male social workers employed in local authority social
services were aged 45 or over, compared to 48% in the female social worker workforce,
the same as in 2017 and slightly higher than in 2014 when it was 65%. 31% of all male
social workers were aged 55 or over, compared to 20% of all female social workers.


A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                        16
Again, this age profile for male and female social workers has changed little in recent
years.

Our expenditure on agency workers is increasing across both health and social care.
Between 2010/11 and 2018/19 financial years, NHS Wales’ agency spend has increased
from £50 million to £143 million. The staff group that has seen the largest increase in
agency spend is Nursing and Midwifery. Recruitment is difficult in certain professions
including medicine, domiciliary care, social work and nursing. The use of agency
workers to fill vacant posts continues across social services in Wales with adult services
having 2% of its posts filled with agency and children services 4%.

We recognise that we need to improve our understanding of our workforce, not only
nationally but regionally and locally. We will need to develop analytical methods and
sophisticated modelling techniques to support workforce planning, development and
productivity across health and social care. Some of the fundamental steps we will
need to take will be to agree standardised data sets, develop a shared understanding
of workforce data and jointly develop reporting arrangements, so that we turn
our information into robust intelligence that will underpin decisions relating to our
workforce. This is one of the reasons why we have included specific actions in Theme 7.

It will be important to measure the impact and success of this workforce strategy as
our workforce changes over the forthcoming decade. Better workforce information and
intelligence will support us to measure changes and trends, to enable us to better plan
and react to these changes.

Development of meaningful measures at local, regional and national level will not only
help us to monitor the changes but will help and support the required changes going
forward.

Better workforce information systems will also help us gather the views of the
workforce, in relation to their wellbeing and engagement and their ability to identify,
contribute to and inform the changes to the delivery of health and social care, to ensure
that we are delivering our ambition to have a motivated, engaged and valued health
and social care workforce, with the capacity, confidence and competence to meet the
needs of the people of Wales.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                      17
Actions
                                                 ACTIONS

STRATEGIC THEME ONE – AN ENGAGED, MOTIVATED                             An Engaged,
AND HEALTHY WORKFORCE                                                   Motivated &
                                                                          Healthy
OUR AMBITION                                                             Workforce

By 2030, the health and social care workforce will feel valued and supported wherever
they work.


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

We often say that our health and social care workforce is our biggest and most
precious asset in delivering high quality health and social care. However, in too many
cases our feedback from staff suggests that they do not feel valued and supported.
This can lead to a lack of engagement and motivation and can impact on attendance
and turnover which ultimately impacts on quality of care for the people at the centre of
our services.

We need to change this and ensure that health and social care is a great place to work,
and for our staff to be the best advertisement for this. So, we need some fundamental
building blocks to be put in place to drive a concerted, proactive and evidence based
approach to this.

All of the themes make a contribution to this ambition of valuing, supporting
and retaining our staff. In this theme we are focusing on what we can do from an
employment perspective to achieve this, including:

• Healthy working arrangements and environments;

• Exemplar employment practices with a clear focus on equality and diversity, employee
  voice and collective representation;

• Work life balance;

• Fair rewards and recognition, including addressing pay gaps across the protected
  characteristics;

• Flexible career opportunities to meet changing needs.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                  19
To deliver this vision we will:

Action 1             Introduce a Health and Wellbeing Framework across the health and
                     social care workforce setting clear and measurable standards to help
                     drive improvement.

                     This will be co-produced with employers, trade unions, staff and
                     students, including groups from protected characteristics and based
                     on exemplary practice from other sectors.
Action 2             Introduce a ‘Staff Governance’ Framework setting out expectations for
                     both employers and employees to drive positive employee experience
                     and improved quality.

                     This is based on the model in place in Scotland which enshrines
                     social partnership and is underpinned by legislation. It will represent
                     a system of corporate accountability for a fair and just culture and
                     effective management of all staff. It will encompass a range of key
                     areas including information and communication, Welsh language,
                     training and development, partnership approaches, equality and
                     diversity, health and wellbeing, and holding people to account. This
                     doesn’t just include the statutory sector but is reflected through
                     commissioning arrangements with the private and voluntary providers.
                     The staff governance framework will be developed in partnership with
                     professional and staff organisations, and it will drive all policies that
                     affect the workforce.
Action 3             Work towards fair reward and recognition across the health and social
                     care workforce.

                     This will take account of the Report of the Fair Work Commission
                     (2019) and Is Wales Fairer? (2018).
Action 4             Implement a consistent approach to monitoring and measuring
                     employee experience through health and social care staff surveys.

                     This will include an ongoing engagement index score that enables
                     us to capture staff experience across different settings, professional
                     groups and protected characteristics.
Action 5             Incorporate a set of workforce wellbeing and engagement measures in
                     the performance framework for organisations, and the broader health
                     and social care system.

                     This should include quality of leadership, staff engagement, bullying
                     and harassment.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                         20
STRATEGIC THEME TWO – ATTRACTION AND
RECRUITMENT                                                                 Attraction &
                                                                            Recruitment
OUR AMBITION

By 2030, health and social care will be well established as a strong and recognisable
brand and the sector of choice for our future workforce.


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

We are experiencing shortages in many occupations and professional groups in
many services and settings. Whilst there are a wide range of roles available that suit
a diverse range of skills and interests, the public focus traditionally has been on just a
small number of roles – the social worker, the nurse, the doctor. We need to increase
our efforts in how we market and promote the hundreds of roles – and therefore
opportunities available - at local, national or international level.

We need to be proactive in targeting specific shortages and in helping and supporting
staff who want a change in career and direction. We need to reach out to children,
and young people beyond our traditional paths to help shape their career choices
and open access to the many people in our communities that have valuable skills and
experience currently underrepresented in our workforce. We also need to make sure
that the process for recruiting people is underpinned by our values and is as smooth
and efficient as possible, reinforcing our reputation as an excellent place to work right
from the start.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                         21
To deliver this vision we will:

Action 6             Establish a National Careers Service for health and social care which
                     promotes all roles and reaches out to all parts of the community and
                     workforce.

                     This will be a bilingual service which will build on current approaches
                     and be supported by a comprehensive marketing campaign and
                     single branding for the full range of occupations, professions and roles
                     across health and social care.
Action 7             Review and develop targeted schemes for

                     a) significant shortages in professional and occupational groups and
                     hard to recruit areas including medicine, domiciliary care, social work
                     and nursing (linked to action 31)

                     b) under-represented groups

                     This will include identified protected characteristics including Welsh
                     language considerations, rural and remote areas, incentives, bursaries
                     and international recruitment.
Action 8             Implement a modern values based bi-lingual recruitment approach for
                     all health and social care staff.

                     This will be based on best practice and supported digitally with
                     recognition of socio-economic impacts to ensure a streamlined,
                     speedy, efficient, smooth, accessible, inclusive recruitment approach
                     and excellent experience for new employees.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                           22
STRATEGIC THEME THREE – SEAMLESS WORKFORCE
MODELS                                                                       Seamless
                                                                             Working
                                                                              Models
OUR AMBITION

By 2030, multi-professional and multi-agency workforce models will be the norm.


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

Future service models will increasingly be based on the concept of “what matters to
me”, which shifts the focus from what professionals think to what the person at the
centre of our service needs, in line with prudent healthcare and sustainable social
services principles. This co-productive approach relies on excellent team work between
members of the multi-professional team but sometimes professional and occupational
boundaries can get in the way of doing the right thing. This can be a particular problem
when a person has complex needs requiring the unique and valuable contribution of a
number of health and social care professionals.

A lack of seamless working can result in gaps and duplication of care, which at best
wastes resource and at worst can lead to harm. The statutory sector is not always
the best solution to meeting an individual’s needs, and engagement with private
and voluntary provider services, volunteers as well as carers, leads to much greater
benefit for the individual such as social prescribing and collaboration. Person-
centred care is also a driver for extended skills and advanced practice, ensuring that,
where appropriate, health and social care professionals can work at the ‘top of their
license/competence.’ To optimise this there should be a consistent approach across
professional groups, not limited by socio-economic circumstances.

We want to translate the good practice and innovation in the development of
integrated and seamless workforce models which are at the heart of A Healthier Wales,
into a sustainable and mainstream approach.

Fragmented approaches in terms of regulation can also get in the way of seamless
working, although sometimes the problems are more perceived than real.

To deliver this vision we will:

Action 9             Develop a multi-professional workforce plan to support
                     implementation of the new primary and community care workforce
                     model (Strategic Programme for Primary Care).

                     This will encompass the education and training needed to sustain
                     innovation and improvement in primary care, as well as the
                     development of improved workforce intelligence, modelling and
                     implementing cross sector competence frameworks.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                      23
Action 10             Develop a multi-professional workforce plan to support
                      implementation of Together for Mental Health.

                      This will encompass all age ranges and protected characteristics
                      aligning with the models of care and standards of service needed
                      in the future. This will also take account of the roles of private and
                      voluntary provider services, volunteers and carers as well as statutory
                      services.
Action 11             Translate the workforce models being developed through Regional
                      Partnership Boards into a good practice guide for integrated working.

                      This will draw on the innovation being developed at local level
                      and accelerate the transformation process by ensuring it leads to
                      fundamental and sustainable changes in the workforce. This will
                      include private and voluntary provider services, volunteers and carers.
Action 12             Develop a clear competence and capabilities framework for extended
                      skills and advanced practice across professional groups.

                      This will support staff to have more flexible career pathways and
                      will support organisations to have a clearer understanding of what
                      they can expect from each level of practice. This will, in turn, allow
                      recognition of the contribution of each staff group, and in bringing
                      together multi-disciplinary teams, reduce constraints by historic
                      protocols or prescriptions for practice.
Action 13             Implement a values based, common induction programme for all
                      of our workforce who deliver health and social care in primary and
                      community settings.

                      This will be based on the results of the current pilot in the Hywel Dda
                      area and will be made accessible to private and voluntary provider
                      services, volunteers and carers where appropriate.
Action 14             Work with partners to harmonise governance, regulation and
                      registration arrangements to facilitate multi-professional working.

                      One of the key priorities will include the support workforce,
                      considering statutory registration mechanisms for current non-
                      registered, or voluntary registered staff. It will also be important to
                      influence the regulation agenda at a UK level, alongside the other
                      nations, to encourage a more streamlined and unified approach in the
                      future across the Health Professions Regulators and Social Care Wales
                      as a Social Care Regulatory body.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                           24
STRATEGIC THEME FOUR – BUILDING A DIGITALLY                                   Building a
READY WORKFORCE                                                                Digitally
                                                                                Ready
OUR AMBITION                                                                  Workforce

By 2030, the digital and technological capabilities of the workforce will be well
developed and in widespread use to optimise the way we work, to help us deliver the
best possible care for people.


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

There is a mismatch between the pace of digital and technological change and our
ability to implement and embed them in our everyday work in health and social care.
This includes the use of everyday information technology and information management
systems as well as genomics, digital medicine, artificial intelligence and robotics. One
of the reasons for this is the variable socio-economic circumstances, digital literacy,
confidence and capability of our current workforce, and the limited attention we have
given this as a system to date.

As well as improving quality of care and extending the boundaries of what we can
deliver for people, the optimisation of digital ways of working and new technologies
can make an important contribution to changing the nature and efficiency of work.
Many of our ways of working are outdated and burdensome resulting in wasted work.
This is critical when we consider the extent to which current workload pressures are
having a significant impact on our current workforce, and an issue that was identified
repeatedly in our engagement process.

The future requirements for the health workforce are articulated in the Topol Review,
with transferable messages for social care. This theme highlights the need to raise
the profile of digital literacy, skills and capabilities as an integral part of service and
digital transformation, and the parallel need to invest in education and organisational
development if we are to accelerate the pace of change.

The Topol Review also identifies the need to focus on the development of the digital
professional workforce who will be an increasingly essential part of the health and
social care workforce. This is being addressed as part of the Welsh Government’s Digital
Transformation Programme and is not duplicated in this strategy.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                          25
To deliver this vision we will:

Action 15             Implement a “Building a Digitally Ready Workforce Programme”
                      focused on enhancing the digital literacy and confidence of the wider
                      health and social care workforce in Wales.

                      This will require the development of a digital capabilities framework
                      and will be undertaken on a partnership basis with staff organisations
                      and professional bodies.
Action 16             Commission consistent digital aspects as part of all under graduate
                      curricula for health and social care professionals.

                      This will align with the previous action so that there is a consistent
                      approach to digital capabilities; with consideration needed in relation
                      to the socio-economic constraints and the physical / learning
                      requirements of all learners.
Action 17             Implement a requirement for all digital transformation projects and
                      programmes to include a clear organisational development plan.

                      This will require the development of organisational development
                      plans to deliver the cultural change required when integrating digital,
                      workforce and service developments.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                        26
A Healthier Wales: Our
Workforce Strategy for
Health and Social Care
STRATEGIC THEME FIVE – EXCELLENT EDUCATION AND
LEARNING                                                                   Excellent
                                                                          Education
                                                                          & Learning
OUR AMBITION

By 2030, the investment in education and learning for health and social care
professionals will deliver the skills and capabilities needed to meet the needs of people
in Wales


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

The education and training pipeline makes a critical contribution to the supply of our
workforce and we need to ensure that we continue to invest in our capacity to train
in Wales. As well as increasing the numbers, we need to ensure that the investment
delivers value by delivering the kind of education, learning and training that supports
future needs and future service models. In particular, we need to maximise the benefits
from a graduate workforce with a focus on supporting people to work at the top of
their licence/competence.

Much of our education and training has been traditionally delivered in uni-professional
or uni-discipline formats, this needs to change to reflect the need for more multi-
professional approaches, seamless working and accessibility to those most under-
represented in our workforce. We also need to ensure that education and training
pathways reflect the needs of volunteers and carers, rural and remote communities
where the solution to the workforce challenge is to “grow your own”, requiring more
flexibility in delivery and location.

The need for the workforce to have additional skills has also emerged over recent years
– the emphasis on care in primary and community settings, the increased focus on
prevention and health promotion, quality improvement and research, evidence informed
practice, leadership, the commitment to the Welsh language, and digital as described
earlier in this document. These need to be embedded in core education not developed
as additional skills.

Our approach to Continuous Professional Development (CPD) is fragmented, both in
its connection to service need and across professional and occupational groups. This
can result in certain occupational and professional groups, both from those who share
protected characteristics and those who do not, feeling undervalued, and not having
opportunities to develop. In addition, the pressures and challenges facing our education
providers are increasing and without a strategic dialogue, we will not be able to plan a
sustainable pipeline that produces the right workforce with the right skills.

There is also a need to ensure that high quality placements, supported by mentorship
and practice-based assessment, are available to support excellent education and
training with protected, identified time to support and enable high quality learning to
take place.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                      28
To deliver this vision we will:

Action 18             Work with education providers to ensure education meets the needs
                      of the health and social care system, and includes programmes
                      delivered through the medium of Welsh.

                      This will need to include pre-registration programmes, continuing
                      professional development programmes and opportunities to deliver
                      programmes through the Welsh language.
Action 19             Work with education providers to support the workforce to develop
                      and/or improve Welsh language skills.

                      This will need to include support for health and social care students
                      and our existing and future workforce to learn welsh, enhance
                      existing skills and build confidence to use these skills.
Action 20             In partnership with Higher Education Institutions, implement
                      changes to the content of curricula and flexibility of provision for
                      undergraduate programmes to meet future needs and delivery
                      modes, stipulating inter professional education, placement
                      requirements for common competences, and language requirements.

                      This will need to reflect skills such as leadership (inclusive of positive
                      action schemes), quality improvement, prevention, co-production,
                      academic and research skills.
Action 21             Continue to invest in increasing the numbers of health and social care
                      professionals who are trained in Wales, with a focus on value.

                      This will be informed by the increased sophistication of workforce
                      intelligence, value based investment and underpinned by a clear
                      quality and equality management framework across all professional
                      and occupational groups.
Action 22             Widen access into health and social care careers by developing the
                      work-based learning model.

                      This will be designed to support apprenticeships and “grow your
                      own” approaches, especially from under-represented groups and
                      people with disabilities, with more flexible and more local training
                      pathways in health and social care, and opportunities to recognise
                      prior learning and experience.
Action 23             Develop a clear and equitable funding and commissioning model for
                      health and social care education including undergraduate education,
                      apprenticeships and vocational education.

                      This will need to take into account views of students, service users,
                      education providers and education commissioners.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                          29
Action 24             Develop a clear strategy for Continuing Professional Development
                      (CPD) across professional and occupational groups.

                      This will increase the proportion of inter-professional learning and
                      consider appropriate funding models. The strategy will need to work
                      towards an equitable approach across professions based on the
                      specific needs of their roles.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                     30
STRATEGIC THEME SIX –LEADERSHIP AND SUCCESSION
                                                                         Leadership and
OUR AMBITION                                                               Succession

By 2030, leaders in the health and social care system will
demonstrate collective and compassionate leadership.


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

Leadership makes a significant contribution to shaping the culture of organisations
and we have already identified that we need to change the culture in health and social
care. This was reinforced heavily in the engagement and consultation that we have
undertaken where glass ceilings and inequalities were highlighted. We know that
leadership has a critical impact on staff experience and in turn this has a direct impact
on the experience of the people at the centre of our service, so leadership also affects
quality. Compassionate leadership drives compassionate care.

Too often “leadership” has been equated with a few individuals in senior positions,
when in reality leadership is needed at all levels and across protected characteristics, in
all services and settings. Our approach to leadership development needs to reflect this,
by being accessible to all leaders in the system, as well as better preparing individuals
for the privileged leadership positions that exist at Board level.

We also need leaders who can work effectively with other sectors and organisations,
through distributed and shared leadership that goes beyond organisational boundaries,
as role models of public leaders in Wales, and delivering their contribution to the
prosperity of Wales and the ethos of one public service.

With leadership comes accountability, and this will be achieved through creating
cultures that promote inclusion, justice and fairness, manageable and safe workloads,
clear goals and performance management, and a focus on learning and continuous
quality improvement.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                        31
To deliver this vision we will:

Action 25             Develop a strategy to frame a consistent approach to compassionate
                      leadership in health and social care in Wales.

                      This will articulate clear expectations and actions for leadership
                      across the system. This is linked with the actions in Theme 1 in
                      particular, where people’s protected characteristics, physical and
                      mental wellbeing are maximised and in which choices and behaviours
                      that benefit future health and wellbeing are understood.
Action 26             Establish an accessible range of leadership development resources
                      and programmes for individuals and organisations.

                      This will be supported through a digital portal and other accessible
                      formats; hosting leadership resources, signposting to local and
                      national leadership opportunities including positive action schemes,
                      supporting social networking and promoting experiential learning
                      opportunities. We will develop a range of inclusive leadership
                      implementation and assessment tools to support organisations
                      embed the leadership strategy.
Action 27             Develop a talent management pipeline for leadership roles.

                      This will be supported by core role descriptions, inclusive access to
                      appropriate development programmes opportunities and alumni
                      networks.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                          32
STRATEGIC THEME SEVEN – WORKFORCE SUPPLY AND
SHAPE                                                                       Workforce
                                                                            Supply &
                                                                             Shape
OUR AMBITION

By 2030, we will have a sustainable workforce in sufficient numbers to meet the health
and social care needs of our population.


WHY WE ARE DOING THIS

As we have noted earlier in the strategy, there are significant shortages in some
professions, services and skills. This has consequences for service delivery, quality of
care, staff experience and escalating costs.

The actions described in relation to the other themes will all have a positive impact
on these gaps during the course of this strategy, moving towards a more sustainable
position. However, there is also a need for further workforce modernisation, new roles
and extended skills, supported by the improvement of workforce intelligence and
workforce planning skills. This includes the development of appropriate efficiency and
productivity measures that help facilitate benchmarking and demonstrate value as our
workforce shape continues to change.

The development of a National Clinical Plan and Regional Partnership Board
Transformation Plans in support of the delivery of A Healthier Wales, also have the
potential to affect the shape of the workforce and this will need to be kept under
review as the plans develop.

In the meantime, there are some critical areas that require an urgent and intensive focus
in the short term to accelerate solutions that support safe staffing arrangements.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                       33
To deliver this vision we will:

Action 28             Create a centre of excellence for workforce intelligence for health and
                      social care in Wales.

                      This will use high quality standardised data sets, analytical methods
                      and sophisticated modelling techniques to support workforce
                      planning, development and productivity. This will facilitate
                      benchmarking and opportunities to improve efficiency.
Action 29             Build capacity and capability in workforce planning and development
                      across health and social care, underpinned by a standardised,
                      methodology.

                      This will be based on a six step inclusive methodology for workforce
                      planning across health and social care.
Action 30             Develop workforce planning guidance for Welsh language skills
                      identification and development in the health and social care
                      workforce.

                      This will be used to implement the Welsh language Skills Strategy
                      and inform our workforce supply.
Action 31             Develop workforce plans for key professional and occupational
                      groups, in the first instance;

                       • Nursing
                       • Domiciliary care
                       • Social Work
                       • Medicine

                      These plans will bring together the actions described in the other
                      themes to focus specifically on short to medium term improvements
                      in these shortage areas and maximise opportunities to engage under
                      represented groups. The plans will be built on a review of what we
                      need from these roles in the future, rather than focusing on what
                      these roles have been in the past. These plans will reflect guidance
                      and standards on inclusivity, quality and safety, efficiency and
                      productivity.
Action 32             Commission a programme of work to understand the contribution of
                      volunteers and carers to inform future workforce plans.

                      This will help us to understand the volume and shape of this
                      workforce so that we can plan our workforce more effectively and
                      support them in their roles. We will work with the Third Sector
                      Support Wales and others to develop the potential of volunteering
                      to support health and care in Wales through programmes such as
                      Helpforce.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                         34
A Healthier Wales: Our
Workforce Strategy for
Health and Social Care
IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS STRATEGY

Theme             2020     2021      2022    2023     2024     2025      2026   2027   2028 2029 2030
An engaged,
motivated
and healthy
workforce
Attraction and
recruitment
                                                R                               R
Seamless
working models                                  E                               E
Building                     32                 V                 ?             V            ?
a digitally                Actions              I              Actions          I         Actions
enabled                                         E                               E
workforce
                                                W                               W
Excellent
education and
learning
Leadership and
succession
Workforce
shape and
supply

This workforce strategy sets the direction and ambition for the delivery of an engaged,
motivated and valued health and social care workforce, with the capacity, competence
and confidence to meet the needs of the people of Wales. We will achieve our vision
through a series of implementation plans which will be co-produced in partnership with
staff, stakeholders and social partners, to deliver the actions identified in this strategy,
and ensure these plans are appropriately reflected in how services are planned,
managed and commissioned.

These 32 actions will be taken forward in the first 3 years of the strategy, although
some actions will take longer than others to deliver in full. The strategy will be reviewed
at least every 3 years alongside its Integrated Equality Impact Assessment, so that
adjustments can be made, and further actions identified to ensure this strategy remains
live and valid.

Many of the actions will inform the future plans of HEIW and SCW. Some of the actions
identified will be taken forward on a national level, and there are also actions that will
need to be taken forward on regional and local levels.

The final implementation process and launch of this strategy will be agreed with Welsh
Government.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                                36
ACKOWLEDGEMENTS

We would like to thank all who contributed to the engagement and consultation stages
during 2019, for their valuable contribution to the development of this strategy.

We look forward to your continued contribution to the development of the supporting
implementation plans and in the realisation of the ambition of this strategy.




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care              37
TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS

Technical Document - Engagement
Technical Document - Consultation Summary
Integrated Equality Impact Assessment 2019



REFERENCES

Data Cymru: Social Worker Workforce Planning 2017-18
https://socialcare.wales/cms_assets/file-uploads/Social_Worker_Workforce_
Planning_2017_18_eng.pdf

Data Cymru: Social Worker Workforce Planning 2014-15
https://gofalcymdeithasol.cymru/adnoddau/cynllunio-gweithlu-gweithwyr-
cymdeithasol-2014-15

Equality and Human Rights Commission: Is Wales Fairer (2018)
https://www.equalityhumanrights.com/sites/default/files/is-britain-fairer-2018-is-wales-
fairer.pdf

Health Education and Improvement Wales: NHS Workforce Trends as at 31st March 2019
https://heiw.nhs.wales/corporate/key-documents/

Health Education England: The Topol Review Preparing the healthcare workforce to
delivery the digital future. An independent report on behalf of the Secretary of State for
Health and Social Care (2019)
https://topol.hee.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/HEE-Topol-Review-2019.pdf

ICF The Economic Value of the Adult social Care sector – Wales Final report
https://socialcare.wales/cms_assets/file-uploads/The-Economic-Value-of-the-Adult-
Social-Care-Sector_Wales.pdf

Kings Fund: What’s your problem, social care? The eight key areas for reform (2019)
https://www.kingsfund.org.uk/publications/whats-your-problem-social-care

NES Scotland Staff Governance, A Framework for NHS Scotland Organisations and
Employees
https://www.staffgovernance.scot.nhs.uk/what-is-staff-governance/overview/

The Health Foundation: (2019) Falling short: the NHS workforce challenge, Workforce
profile and trends of the NHS in England
https://www.health.org.uk/publications/reports/falling-short-the-nhs-workforce-
challenge

Welsh Government: A Healthier Wales: Our Plan for Health and Social Care
https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2019-10/a-healthier-wales-action-plan.
pdf

Welsh Government: Cymraeg 2050: A million Welsh speakers
http://www.assembly.wales/laid%20documents/gen-ld11108/gen-ld11108-e.pdf


A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                   38
Welsh Government: Parliamentary Review of Health and Social Care
https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2018-01/Review-health-social-care-
report-final.pdf

Welsh Government: Prosperity for All: the national strategy
https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2017-10/prosperity-for-all-the-
national-strhttps://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2017-10/prosperity-for-all-
the-national-strategy.pdfategy.pdf

Welsh Government & NHS Wales: Prudent Healthcare, Securing Health and Well-being
for Future Generations
https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2019-04/securing-health-and-well-
being-for-future-generations.pdf

Welsh Government, Social Services and Well Being (Wales) Act 2014
https://www.legislation.gov.uk/anaw/2014/4/contents

Welsh Government, Sustainable Social Services for Wales: A Framework for Action
(2011)
http://www.wales.nhs.uk/sitesplus/documents/829/WAG%20-%20Sustainable%20
Social%20Services%20for%20Wales%202011.pdf

Welsh Government: Well-being of Future Generations (Wales) Act 2015 The Essentials
https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2019-08/well-being-of-future-
generations-wales-act-2015-the-essentials.pdf

World Health Organisation
https://www.who.int/health-topics/health-workforce#tab=tab_1




A Healthier Wales: Our Workforce Strategy for Health and Social Care                     39
A Healthier Wales: Our
Workforce Strategy for
Health and Social Care
